michel kike from the supercopa we messi you have to learn camp from
football once I do not know
- is that I ask because he has that man
the four remaining workers
to córdoba to minimize the percentage that humanity thus little by little
bow stopped the first title of the season after going down these things there
that to earn them looked at us can not buy every little prince second day of
crystal and aragon
in the champions before what alfredo get pasta was so desperate
I thought I was going to order metro until today I had the song of the
also to be able to sing it with warmth those trophies your story of
club has not been all together
only to win the eternal after selling other things and I was also
planned right now they must to messi whose amount to raise nor for pavadas
You can sell to Messi says he pays 500 million euros for our best
player you can sales from mexico what nice you go with this mister father
2 wait we can not do this do not go swaan
we really have to sell the best not this man has asked for better but not
he has no idea about football so we run to another bandage rené 21 will have idea of
football but has eyes on the face we also ask for the letter of freedom I
I do not want to give up any of my players and they do not want to leave either
I'm not so sure cofetel 50 million euros per season pink
floyd
better I have to learn the regulation I do not say that I do not understand
that is the coach with the malaga shirt is now playing Humala
this year the zetaparo colt league
today is all this is football in an embryonic state
the dean
nothing of the jack said pacquiao speak I'm back I sympathize with the
footballers look up he drinks beer again
man if he follows everything be to help them
I do not want at all
a
refreshing
Kennedy carrying his remains
manolo
one fifth
match